c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll.config
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.pdb
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll.config
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.pdb
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Negocio.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Owin.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Datos.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Negocio.pdb
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\Datos.pdb
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.dll
D:\TdeA\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.pdb
